<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="Untitled">
    <title>Host a Zoom Meeting Within Canvas</title>
    <shortdesc>Follow these steps as an instructor in order to host a Zoom meeting within a Canvas course.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>After adding Zoom to a course, you can access the Zoom tool from the course
            navigation menu. Then you can schedule a meeting.<note>You must have instructor access
                to Canvas in order to create or host your own meetings; students do not have access
                to this feature.</note></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select Zoom from the left-hand course navigation menu.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select Schedule a New Meeting. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_lvn_sc2_fzb">
                        <li>Follow the same steps to <xref
                                    href="https://it.umn.edu/services-technologies/how-tos/zoom-schedule-meeting-invite-others-join"
                                    format="html" scope="external">schedule a single Zoom
                                    meeting</xref> that you would use outside of Canvas.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To schedule a recurring meeting, select the <b>Recurring Meeting</b> checkbox.
                    You are able to set the following features:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_tch_dd2_fzb">
                        <li>How often the meeting recurs</li>
                        <li>How many sessions, or occurrences, the meeting will have</li>
                        <li> The date of the final occurrence</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note id="note_zh1_m2z_fzb">When you schedule a recurring meeting, each
                        occurrence creates as an independent event. This means that if you need to
                        modify all instances of a meeting, you must edit each event
                        individually.</note>
                </info>
            </step>         
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
